Add trie (#1)
ChainSafe/chainbridge-ethereum-trie: README.md

## TODO

> - [ ] Add license

Reviewer: Please add license and remove this. Please add a proper tile.

> ## EXAMPLE
> 
> Here is an example of how this library could be used, as requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example Usage

Here is an example of how this library could be used.
```
